Food Parcels
According to our research, around 9 million people die each year from hunger. Due to malnutrition there are 3.1 million children that die per year. This program has also been added here because there is a significant amount of people that die and we want to try decrease the amount of people thhat are dying from this. Kindness Connect will be providing food parcels that are very nutrious and boosts an immune system of an individual. Elders cannot fully function on an empty stomach as the need energy. We want to make sure that children go to school on a full stomach so they can be productive. Our bodies need to be supplied with food on a daily basis as it supplies use with vitamins and minerals which is important for some organs to function properly. Our aim is to provide food and lessen poverty as its one of the causes of poverty.

Educational Programs
Education is a cornerstone of progress in a teenagers life. Children of today are not properly educated when it comes to aldolesence stage and sexual activities. We want to create programs in communities that will enhance the knowledge of these children. We will be partnering with the Department of Education to provide these children with more information as they know how to deal with youngsters. These programs will educate children how to protect themselves from the outside world and how to tackle problems that they will be facing in the long run as they are growing. The end result expected from these programs is that children will be empowered to reach their full potential and tackle their life problems in a proper way.

Toiletries
Toiletries are one of the essential things a person needs to use in their everyday life. In order to make sure that families are hygenic we will be supplying toiletries. We want our people to look decent and one of the important thing is to be hygenic. Children in communities will look more presentable in schools. Each family member will be given enough supply of toiletries to sustain them until the next drive. Our aim is that disadvantaged people dont feel inferior to the riches as they dont afford expensive deoderants, but atleast they hygenic. As we have stated before we want to build a bridge and this on the the things that will help.

Sanitary pad drives
Each month there will be drives-ins that we will be doing in communities that we are operating in. We will be providing sanitary pads to females of all ages. Some households cannot afford to buy these things on a monthly basis we will be offering sanitary pads for everyone who needs them and a variety if brands will be there so people can choose what they want to use. There will be lessons provided for those that are only starting on their menstrual cycle for the first time, they will be taught as to how they need to use a sanitary pad. They will also be spoken too to inform them that its alright there is nothing wrong with being on their menstrual cycle and its something they are going to live with. They will be trained not to be ashamed but understand that its part of growth and no one will be judgemental towards them and how to stay hygenic.

Giving away blankets
Every change of season we will be providing blankets mostly in winter. We can see the dillema we as South Africans are facing regarding loadshedding resulting in families freezing and the children. There have been some reports stating that peole are dying from hypothemia (sickness caused fro getting cold) due to the coldness and not receiving any type of warmth. Each family will receive the amount of blankets according to the total number of members they have in a household.

Clothing
Clothing will be provided to each gender and people of all ages. We want our people to have appropriate clothing to cover thei bodies and they can also feel confidennt. Children that are in short with certain items of their school uniform we will be donating them alongside with school shoes. We want children to grow feeling confident and also want them to go to school looking decent and they shouldn't be scared that they might be bullied by other kids for the way they are dressed.

Volunteers
People in communities will be offerd jobs to become volunteers and work for the foundation. As we are facing high rates of unemployment as a country, this is also our way as to trying to create employment. inorder for this project to become a success we need as much help as we can get to be able to fulfil the goals our foundation has. If you are interested in becoming a volunteer and be part of the team, then you can apply in the sign up page on the website and you will be contacted once your application has been received.






